Feature/queue framework (#6)
itk-dev-rpa/Robot-Framework: README.md

# Robot-Framework V2

This repo is meant to be used as a template for robots made for [OpenOrchestrator](https://github.com/itk-dev-rpa/OpenOrchestrator).

## Quick start

> 1. To use this template simply use the repo as a template as shown [here](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).

Reviewer: You should never use “here” as a link text. Consider something like

```suggestion
1. To use this template simply use this repo as a template (cf. [Creating a repository from a template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)).
```

__Don't__ include all branches.

2. Go to `robot_framework/__main__.py` and choose between the linear framework or queue based framework.

3. Implement all functions in the files:
    * `robot_framework/initialize.py`
    * `robot_framework/reset.py`
    * `robot_framework/process.py`

4. Change `config.py` to your needs.

5. Fill out the dependencies in the `pyproject.toml` file with all packages needed by the robot.

6. Feel free to add more files as needed. Remember that any additional python files must
be located in the folder `robot_framework` or a subfolder of it.

When the robot is run from OpenOrchestrator the `main.py` file is run which results
in the following:
1. The working directory is changed to where `main.py` is located.
2. A virtual environment is automatically setup with the required packages.
3. The framework is called passing on all arguments needed by [OpenOrchestrator](https://github.com/itk-dev-rpa/OpenOrchestrator).

## Requirements
Minimum python version 3.10

## Flow

This framework contains two different flows: A linear and a queue based.
You should only ever use one at a time. You choose which one by going into `robot_framework/__main__.py`

> and uncomment the framework you want. They are both disabled by default and an error will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and uncommenting the framework you want. They are both disabled by default and an error will be
```

Author: I disagree
